all right lads so today you're going to
be viewing team in a season Benny parejo
place I valencia in a league EBV a is 5
foot 10 tall right foot is a medium
medium worried too far style week for
our freestyle skills the Canadian games
east and matches maintain a shot past
nights and board control may seven
penalties may fire vision and 94 shot
power we have also included all the
praise from his m4 version as I
comparison so you can see each
individual style grade from all of these
stats so you always pause it for a
closer look at any of them so this is
the team we were using timidly seasoned
pro in want two on two gold and silver
BBVA team we pray hell at cam so now on
to the game place you can say we was
performing now pray also had a nice
upgrade on CAD and a good poor 7 paste
boost puts it on to a respectable
70-year rated pace on CAD now that still
may not be enough for some but it was
fine pace wise in the game trust me
especially as I cami was fine pace wise
and it doesn't have 85 dribbling as well
and his agility is not too bad so was
five for avoiding defenders in the
middle was actually good retaining
possession usually is dribbling in the
midfield and he does have 97 ball
control on him as well and he was
amazing creative wise was a brilliant
play maker in that camera for us what
he's 99 shot past and 95 vision he just
kept getting assists after it's a
staffer assist if you want someone to
feed your strikers is a cracking player
to get in the middle really really
highly recommend him at cam was so good
creatively in fact he's got probably
more assists in the games we played then
any other review I can remember so far
this fever and he did rack up so many
assists which you will see any
performance stats in a little bit it can
turn gold get as well it's like a
cracking shot on him cuz I'm a far shot
poet and 94 long shots so we can pull
off some stoners like this long ranger
just smashes it into the back internet
from range and that shot was actually on
his weaker left foot as well does have a
four-star wheat foot which is brilliant
and with these medium medium worries he
is going to be hanging around in those
positions in the middle to try long
shots with your lover long shots is a
player to definitely go and try now
closer to the goal is finishing is only
72 somnath
is amazing as he long shot pretty didn't
do all that bad still my sister took one
round the keeper in the box and yes I
could get away with that slightly lower
finishing because he does have his 95
shot power so we can do be smashing the
girls in rather than getting those
little finesses so let's have a look at
team indices and play holes performance
stats so in five games you did manage to
bag four goals and if you get eight
assists as well all starts from the life
goals are on the right position map does
show you gold star anise is created as
well so what are we giving team of
seasoned pareo and 9 out of 10 is
quality in that creative game with that
passing and vision did sup a hell of a
lot of girls as you said eight assists
in five games is great so make a great
cam as we were playing him in with those
passing skills he's got a great creative
game on him as I said can cut in
sentiment as well because I have decent
strength and he does have decent
interceptions as well so can do a good
job at camp or center mid really
wouldn't try them at CDM his defensive
skills are not too hot but he can't
corbett center mid and it does have that
cracking shot on him so we camping in
some nice long-range efforts it's great
on set pieces as well whether it be pin
up these free kicks or falsely we didn't
get a free kick with him and corners as
well but also get a couple assists from
corners so don't make it cracking
complete midfielder in the middle
definitely recommended track team and a
season prayer out so finally usually
with team indices in panay holes
positives and negatives for cat i was
pressuring he's 30 to 80 k which i
believe is on both consoles so
relatively cheap in my eyes for such a
great player in the middle will probably
be edging towards his lower end of the
price band as time goes on with all
these packs being opened currently is
around 60 k ish we paid 70 or 71 k poor
gladly paid that price was great for us
as we said so 60 k the minute will
probably drop him off if you can wait if
not hopefully this review has helped you
whether if they go and get em on
so hopefully they enjoyed from you if
then please leave like does help out a
lot will turn a girl as much as you can
tractor did the most in-depth reviews on
youtube please subscribe if you're new
to the channel walls Malta tech out on
there as well those mobs come stay tuned
for that thanks a lot for watching lads
cheers lads see you later